Hi, my name is art, and I'm going to give you a high-level overview of the quickbooks migration process today. We'll be going over some data migration goals, the 10 steps to complete a data migration differences between quickbooks and NetSuite and how we handle them. And lastly, will recommend tips for success. Here are some of our high level goals. 1st, we wanted to import historical data as closely as possible to quick books. Having said that, there are some differences, which will note in future slides. 2nd, we wanted to use native NetSuite records wherever possible. By aligning to native next week, we best position the data for the ai coming with NetSuite next and 3rd, we must ensure that, after all, historical data is imported, that our trial balances and sledgers match quickbooks. To migrate data from quickbooks, we have created a 10 step process that you can follow. There are some prerequisites that you'll need to complete, such as installing the data migration tools. These tools include all the mappings that we have pre built for you to migrate the data from quickbooks to NetSuite. Included in the tool set is the customer's success integration framework. This is used to extract, transform, and load the data from quickbooks into. We highly recommend reviewing the 1st 4 training videos of CSF, as this will give you a good overview of the technology and provide you with the means to be able to customize the mappings provided based upon your customer's needs. Once you've installed the tools and configured the NetSuite instance, for migration, you'll then follow these 10 steps. Step one is to connect to quickbooks heal. You work with the customer to connect that suite to quickbooks online or extract the data from quickbooks. Desktop stage 2 is to stage data here. You'll use CSF to extract the data from quickbooks and stage it into custom records in NetSuite. Step 3 is to configure the mappings. Here. You'll use to make any adjustments to the preconfigured quickbooks mappings as per your customer's requirements. Step 4 is to import and configure the chart of accounts. Here, you'll be creating the customer's newly desired car chart of accounts and then mapping that to the quick books chart of accounts. Step 5 is to request the sandbox refresh. You'll do this only if the customer has sandbox. Step 6 is to perform a sample, data load and validation. Here you'll select a sample set of data and then import it so your computer can validate that all the information is being imported correctly. Do this in sandbox if available. Step 7 is to transform and load all the data. You'll do this in production once the customer validates the mappings are correct. Step 8 is to perform Delta loads. Do this as needed as per the sow. Step 9 is to validate the trial balances and sub ledgers. Here you are comparing the quick books and net suite trial balances to ensure that all data is posted to the ledger and subledger correctly. And finally, step 10 is cut over and sign off. Here you'll complete the final cut over Delta migration and prepare the system for go live. Note that these steps need to be added to any other steps that you perform to complete the set up and configuration of a new NetSuite instance.
